

#In software Engineer other are some core computer science skills that a person need to know. 
If a person learn this skills it will help them in the future and their jobs. 
The skills are Data structures, Algorithm analysis, impact analysis, problem solving and debugging, and coding fluency in at least one language. 
This are the six core computer science skills that a person should know.

#In data structures a person need to know how data structures works. For example, the common operation like add, delete , and find. A person could use this skills to organizing data in a computer so that it can be used effectively. 
This is to reduce the space and time complexities of different tasks. 

#Algorithm analysis are be able to read code and determine the big-o complexity. This skill is important for both writing code and proving code reviews. 
A person could used this skills to help  him to understand algorithm better and can suggest informed improvements. 
They could also make changes for algorithm to come shorter and simpler.

#Impact analysis enhance your app and track user behavior during session to personalize the experience and make recommendations to user. 
A impact analysis person provides accurate understanding of the implications of a proposed change, which help the teams make informed business decision about what to do. 
Three thing that impact analysis must know. They must be able to understand the possible implications of making the change because change could make a large ripple effect. 
They know how to identify all the file, models, and documents that might have to be modified. 
They also need to identify some of the tasks that required to implement the change and estimate the effort needed to complete the tasks.

#Problem solving and debugging have a methodical approach. The most important steps in solving a problem is to break it down into smallest pieces. 
A person could problem solving and debug problem in many ways. 
some of the steps to help are break the complex problem into smaller problems, think about the steps, check or read all warning and error messages, and check your variable. 
This steps could help a person but don’t if they are stuck and can’t find the solution to the problem ask others for help or search online. 

#Coding fluency is understand one language really well, like know the mechanics and frequently used patterns. 
Next they need to know how to solve the problem, writing the code should be the easy task. A person could know how to use python effectively could help make someone problem code shorter and less complex.  

#In conclusion this core computer science skills are the skills that you going to use in the future for your jobs or helps people. 
The better understanding of each of this core computer skills will help make your jobs less hard and save more time. All this skills could be hard to remember but if people understand one it will help them to understand the other one too because they might know how data works before they can analysis it. 
